fix(curriculum): correct form button text in Todo App (#53094)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-localstorage-by-building-a-todo-app/659ebe52d74b132a1d75c891.md

---
id: 659ebe52d74b132a1d75c891
title: Step 46
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-46
---

# --description--

If you try to add a new task, edit that task, and then click on the `Add New task` button, you will notice a bug.

> The form button will display the incorrect text of `Update Task` instead of `Add Task`. To fix this, you will need to update your `addOrUpdateTask` function to update the `innerText` of the `addOrUpdateTaskBtn` to `Add Task`.

Reviewer: Let's update this part too so it is more clearer for beginners

```suggestion
The form button will display the incorrect text of `Update Task` instead of `Add Task`. To fix this, you will need to assign the string `Add Task` to `addOrUpdateTaskBtn.innerText` inside your `addOrUpdateTask` function.
```

# --hints--

> At top of the `addOrUpdateTask` function just update the `innerText` of the `addOrUpdateTaskBtn` to `Add Task`.

Reviewer: The hint text should match the language used for the other hint text

```suggestion
You should assign the string `Add Task` to  `addOrUpdateTaskBtn.innerText`.
```

```js

> assert.match(code, /addOrUpdateTaskBtn\.innerText\s*=\s*"Add Task"\s*/)

Reviewer: The test should accept double or single quotes around the words Add Task

```suggestion
assert.match(code, /addOrUpdateTaskBtn\.innerText\s*=\s*('|")Add Task\1\s*/)
```

#tasks-container {
  height: 100%;
  overflow-y: auto;
}

.task {
  margin: 5px 0;
}

.hidden {
  display: none;
}

@media (min-width: 576px) {
  .todo-app,
  .task-form {
    width: 400px;
    height: 450px;
  }

  .task-form-label {
    font-size: 1.5rem;
  }

  #title-input,
  #date-input {
    height: 2rem;
  }

  #title-input,
  #date-input,
  #description-input {
    padding: 5px;
    margin-bottom: 20px;
  }
}
```

```js
const taskForm = document.getElementById("task-form");
const confirmCloseDialog = document.getElementById("confirm-close-dialog");
const openTaskFormBtn = document.getElementById("open-task-form-btn");
const closeTaskFormBtn = document.getElementById("close-task-form-btn");
const addOrUpdateTaskBtn = document.getElementById("add-or-update-task-btn");
const cancelBtn = document.getElementById("cancel-btn");
const discardBtn = document.getElementById("discard-btn");
const tasksContainer = document.getElementById("tasks-container");
const titleInput = document.getElementById("title-input");
const dateInput = document.getElementById("date-input");
const descriptionInput = document.getElementById("description-input");

const taskData = [];
let currentTask = {};

> const addOrUpdateTask = () => {
>   const dataArrIndex = taskData.findIndex((item) => item.id === currentTask.id);
>   const taskObj = {
>     id: `${titleInput.value.toLowerCase().split(" ").join("-")}-${Date.now()}`,
>     title: titleInput.value,
>     date: dateInput.value,
>     description: descriptionInput.value,
>   };
> 
> --fcc-editable-region--
>   if (dataArrIndex === -1) {
>     taskData.unshift(taskObj);
>   }
> 
> --fcc-editable-region--
> 
>   updateTaskContainer()
>   reset()
> };

Reviewer: we have a couple issues here

No.1:
This step should have the solution for step 45

No.2:
The editable markers should be moved to the top of the function because that is where they will need to add their answer

```suggestion
const addOrUpdateTask = () => {
  --fcc-editable-region--
  
  --fcc-editable-region--
  const dataArrIndex = taskData.findIndex((item) => item.id === currentTask.id);
  const taskObj = {
    id: `${titleInput.value.toLowerCase().split(" ").join("-")}-${Date.now()}`,
    title: titleInput.value,
    date: dateInput.value,
    description: descriptionInput.value,
  };

  if (dataArrIndex === -1) {
    taskData.unshift(taskObj);
  } else {
    taskData[dataArrIndex] = taskObj;
  }

  updateTaskContainer()
  reset()
};
```
